(initial)

Write a simple savings deposit manager

1. User must be able to create an account and log in. (If a mobile application, this means that more users can use the app from the same phone).

2. When logged in, a user can see, edit and delete saving deposits he entered.

3. Implement at least three roles with different permission levels: a regular user would only be able to CRUD on their owned records, a user manager would be able to CRUD users, and an admin would be able to CRUD all records and users.

4. A saving deposit is identified by a bank name, account number, an initial amount saved (currency in USD), start date, end date, interest percentage per year and taxes percentage.

5. The interest could be positive or negative. The taxes are only applied over profit.

6. User can filter saving deposits by the amount (minimum and maximum), bank name and date.

7. User can generate a revenue report for a given period, that will show the gains and losses from interest and taxes for each deposit. The amount should be green or red if respectively it represents a gain or loss. The report should show the sum of profits and losses at the bottom for that period.

7. The computation of profit/loss is done on a daily basis. Consider that a year is 360 days.
REST API. Make it possible to perform all user actions via the API, including authentication (If a mobile application and you don’t know how to create your own backend you can use Firebase.com or similar services to create the API).
In any case, you should be able to explain how a REST API works and demonstrate that by creating functional tests that use the REST Layer directly. Please be prepared to use REST clients like Postman, cURL, etc. for this purpose.

8. All actions need to be done client side using AJAX, refreshing the page is not acceptable. (If a mobile app, disregard this).
Minimal UI/UX design is needed. You will not be marked on graphic design. However, do try to keep it as tidy as possible.

9. Bonus: unit and e2e tests.
